Add CHANGELOG for v0.13 (#315)
turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.13 [2023-06-28]

_Bug fixes_

> - Updated the queries in Age Reports to order by `Create Time`. ([#311](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights/pull/311))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Age Report dashboards to order by the creation time of the resource. ([#311](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights/pull/311))
```

> - Fixed the `s3_bucket_encryption_table` query to correctly check for s3 buckets with `bucket key` enabled. ([#313](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights/pull/313))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the `s3_bucket_encryption_table` query to correctly check if S3 buckets are configured to use an `S3 Bucket Key` for SSE-KMS. ([#313](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights/pull/313)) (Thanks [@andy-werderman](https://github.com/andy-werderman) for the contribution!)
```
